docs/en-us/yellowpages/health.md, before:

# 🩺 Health

::: danger Note
When seeking help, please clearly state the reason, stay calm, provide accurate information about location, time, and details of the incident, and pay attention to safety.
:::

## Mainland China Emergency Hotlines

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Phone | [110](tel:110) | Police Emergency |
| SMS | [12110](sms:12110) | SMS Police Report |
| Phone | [120](tel:120) | Medical Emergency |
| Phone | [122](tel:122) | Traffic Accident |

## Hong Kong Emergency Hotlines

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Phone | [999](tel:999) | Emergency Assistance |
| SMS | [992](sms:992) | Emergency Assistance |

## School Clinic

::: info Duty Hours
Phase 1: Monday to Sunday 08:30-17:30, 18:30-23:30  

Phase 2: Monday to Sunday 08:30-12:00, 12:30-17:00, 18:30-23:30
:::

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3620555](tel:867563620555) | Phase 1 (Not 24 hours) |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3620120](tel:867563620120) | Phase 1 (Not 24 hours) |
| Phone | [+86-13928025919](tel:8613928025919) | Phase 1 (24-hour emergency contact) |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3677120](tel:867563677120) | Phase 2 (Not 24 hours) |
| Phone | [+86-13431587880](tel:8613431587880) | Phase 2 (24-hour emergency contact) |

## Psychological Counseling Office

::: info Office Hours (PGCC)
Monday to Friday 08:30-17:30, 18:30-21:00. Weekend and public holiday appointments available in advance for psychological counseling.
:::

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Email | [pgcc@uic.edu.cn](mailto:pgcc@uic.edu.cn) |  |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3620210](tel:867563620210) | Not 24 hours |
| Phone | [+86-4000300262](tel:864000300262) | Evening Hotline, 21:00–09:00 next day |

Commit message:

Update Psychological Counseling Office contact

docs/en-us/yellowpages/health.md, after:

# 🩺 Health

::: danger Note
When seeking help, please clearly state the reason, stay calm, provide accurate information about location, time, and details of the incident, and pay attention to safety.
:::

## Mainland China Emergency Hotlines

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Phone | [110](tel:110) | Police Emergency |
| SMS | [12110](sms:12110) | SMS Police Report |
| Phone | [120](tel:120) | Medical Emergency |
| Phone | [122](tel:122) | Traffic Accident |

## Hong Kong Emergency Hotlines

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Phone | [999](tel:999) | Emergency Assistance |
| SMS | [992](sms:992) | Emergency Assistance |

## School Clinic

::: info Duty Hours
Phase 1: Monday to Sunday 08:30-17:30, 18:30-23:30  

Phase 2: Monday to Sunday 08:30-12:00, 12:30-17:00, 18:30-23:30
:::

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3620555](tel:867563620555) | Phase 1 (Not 24 hours) |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3620120](tel:867563620120) | Phase 1 (Not 24 hours) |
| Phone | [+86-13928025919](tel:8613928025919) | Phase 1 (24-hour emergency contact) |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3677120](tel:867563677120) | Phase 2 (Not 24 hours) |
| Phone | [+86-13431587880](tel:8613431587880) | Phase 2 (24-hour emergency contact) |

## Psychological Counseling Office

::: info Office Hours (PGCC)
Monday to Friday 08:30-17:30, 18:30-21:00. Weekend and public holiday appointments available in advance for psychological counseling.
:::

| Contact | Link | Notes |
| :---: | :---: | --- |
| Email | [pgcc@uic.edu.cn](mailto:pgcc@uic.edu.cn) |  |
| Phone | [+86-0756-3620210](tel:867563620210) | Make an appointment for psychological counseling, not 24 hours |
| Phone | [+86-400-098-2525](tel:864000982525) | Psychological hotline service, available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. When you need emotional counseling and psychological support, you can call the hotline for timely professional assistance. This hotline is only for BNBU When students are using it, they need to provide the school name and student ID when making a call. The caller will be charged according to the normal mobile phone plan. |
